capital = 769

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	################# infantry ###############
	infantry_uniforms = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}
set_convoys = 0

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 55
	fascism = 15
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}

recruit_character = BRD_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_aa2
recruit_character = BRD_ar
recruit_character = BRD_acd2
recruit_character = BRD_acr
recruit_character = BRD_coi
recruit_character = BRD_acas
recruit_character = BRD_awt
recruit_character = BRD_pot
recruit_character = BRD_nccr
recruit_character = BRD_aco2
recruit_character = BRD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRD_ncs
recruit_character = BRD_acgs
recruit_character = BRD_ncm
recruit_character = BRD_mt
recruit_character = BRD_nt
recruit_character = BRD_ai2
recruit_character = BRD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_stc
