capital = 660

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	################# infantry ###############
	infantry_uniforms = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}
set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}

recruit_character = CAR_awt
recruit_character = CAR_acd2
recruit_character = CAR_nt
recruit_character = CAR_aco2
recruit_character = CAR_acas
recruit_character = CAR_acr
recruit_character = CAR_mt
recruit_character = CAR_stc
recruit_character = CAR_aa2
recruit_character = CAR_ncm
recruit_character = CAR_communist_guy
recruit_character = CAR_ncs
recruit_character = CAR_pot
recruit_character = CAR_nccr
recruit_character = CAR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CAR_coi
recruit_character = CAR_ai2
recruit_character = CAR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CAR_ar
recruit_character = CAR_acgs
