capital = 656

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}
set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 50
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}

recruit_character = KUW_pot
recruit_character = KUW_aco2
recruit_character = KUW_mt
recruit_character = KUW_ar
recruit_character = KUW_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acd2
recruit_character = KUW_ncm
recruit_character = KUW_ai2
recruit_character = KUW_acas
recruit_character = KUW_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KUW_aa2
recruit_character = KUW_awt
recruit_character = KUW_coi
recruit_character = KUW_stc
recruit_character = KUW_acgs
recruit_character = KUW_nccr
recruit_character = KUW_ncs
recruit_character = KUW_nt
recruit_character = KUW_communist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acr
