capital = 556

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = MLI_coi
recruit_character = MLI_aa2
recruit_character = MLI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLI_acd2
recruit_character = MLI_acr
recruit_character = MLI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLI_stc
recruit_character = MLI_ncs
recruit_character = MLI_awt
recruit_character = MLI_mt
recruit_character = MLI_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLI_ai2
recruit_character = MLI_ar
recruit_character = MLI_acas
recruit_character = MLI_acgs
recruit_character = MLI_ncm
recruit_character = MLI_nt
recruit_character = MLI_pot
recruit_character = MLI_nccr
recruit_character = MLI_aco2

add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}

set_popularities = {
    democratic = 5
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 70
}