capital = 771

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = ZAM_acas
recruit_character = ZAM_acgs
recruit_character = ZAM_ncm
recruit_character = ZAM_nt
recruit_character = ZAM_pot
recruit_character = ZAM_nccr
recruit_character = ZAM_aco2
recruit_character = ZAM_coi
recruit_character = ZAM_aa2
recruit_character = ZAM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_acd2
recruit_character = ZAM_acr
recruit_character = ZAM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_stc
recruit_character = ZAM_ncs
recruit_character = ZAM_awt
recruit_character = ZAM_mt
recruit_character = ZAM_communist_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_ai2
recruit_character = ZAM_ar

add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}
set_politics = {
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 70
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 15
}