capital = 545

oob = "ZIM_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

add_ideas = {
	incompetent_heavy_industry
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
	public_illiteracy
}
set_politics = {
	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 15
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 70
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = " Marcus James Hugins"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_4.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = nazism
	traits = { 
		prince_of_terror
		
			}
}

recruit_character = ZIM_acr
recruit_character = ZIM_stc
recruit_character = ZIM_awt
recruit_character = ZIM_pot
recruit_character = ZIM_mt
recruit_character = ZIM_ncm
recruit_character = ZIM_nt
recruit_character = ZIM_acd2
recruit_character = ZIM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ncs
recruit_character = ZIM_nccr
recruit_character = ZIM_aco2
recruit_character = ZIM_communist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ai2
recruit_character = ZIM_ar
recruit_character = ZIM_coi
recruit_character = ZIM_acas
recruit_character = ZIM_acgs
recruit_character = ZIM_aa2
recruit_character = ZIM_democratic_guy
